Write an initial draft of an ARCHITECTURE.md for the migration engine (#2343)
prisma/prisma-engines: migration-engine/ARCHITECTURE.md

to be rolled back is an anti-pattern.

The view that guided Migrate development is that _some level_ of awareness of
the migration process (schema and data) will always be required from developers
on large enough projects. What we can do is build tools that help people
getting their migrations right, but it can't be completely automated. There's a
lot more to do, now that we have a stable, production-ready foundation.

### What features in Migrate rely on the shadow database?

The only core feature of Migrate that relies on the shadow database is
**generating migrations**. See `How does Migrate use the shadow database` below
for more details.

### How does Migrate use the shadow database?

The shadow database is the only mechanism by which Migrate can determine what
migrations do. From Migrate's perspective, Migrations are black boxes: we do
not parse SQL, and we want to support all database features that cannot be
represented in the PSL yet. The only way to figure out what the effect of a
migration is is to run it. This is necessary when we need to figure out the
current state of a migrations history.

Here is how we generate a new migration:

> - Create an empty shadow database, or try to make the one provided with the
>   `shadowDatabaseUrl` datasource param empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `shadowDatabaseUrl` datasource param is set in Prisma schema, use that database and empty its content. By default create an empty shadow database with a random name like `prisma_migrate_shadow_db_c8d627ed-600d-404c-aa7c-02ecd435ffa0`, 
```

Author: Sorry, I needed to merge fast to post there: https://prisma-company.slack.com/archives/CGMCB82N8/p1636039544063000?thread_ts=1636039400.062700&cid=CGMCB82N8

I'm going to expand the document tomorrow, I'll take up the suggested change there :+1:
